Topic - New server, new world
Our world exploded! ... Again. With the current crisis of cloud storage always crippling around the corner, the tech apocalypse has been knocking on our door once again. After being able to survive through four (4) dimensions full of: Screaming birds; Daily pillager visits, with total of one (1) raid; Questionable architectural designs*; Gigantic, annoying and shooting inclined clouds; Not one, but two (2) slavery processes; A whole 'abolition' process; An (almost) complete redemption arch for the Queen of Slavery; And the monochromatic reign of Pink Cherry tree wood buildings, our beautiful Nation of Aetherea has finally succumbed to the unfortunate destiny that wait for us all: Deletion.
But fear not, my cheerful commoners! For these four (4) official founders that here speak to you all shall not let our beloved servers fall on to the forgotten land burn to ashes without a plan to rebirth our community as a breathtaking phoenix..
After this tragic occurrence, we ditched the destroyed universe into oblivion and rose up a whole new world. Information on how to find, access and move into this new planet is placed on our 'Weather' section in this very newspaper. Come in, and be welcomed to our beautiful new reality!
* = Shoutout to our most questionable architect: Kauan, aka Alguém

Topic - Mods? Say more!
Although the rules in our constitution remains the very same, our new world came along filled with new and charming features! In this new universe that we invite all to set foot in with us, things work a tad differently than what we were previously used to in the old world. Don't forget to check the new laws of physics and prepare for the updated conditions before joining!

Topic - Beware of the invasion!
Rats! Rats everywhere! Be aware that this new world is infested! But don't worry your soft cardiac hearts, my dear peasants. Au contraire! Prepare your most square-shaped Disney princesses feverish dreams, for some of these little rodents are actually pretty friendly. So, feel free to open your pockets for them to hide in and adopt these little fellas to help out on your daily tasks. You might be happily surprised!
ATTENTION: The founders do NOT take any responsibility for any case of Black Plague, Leptospirosis, or other rodent induced illnesses. All players safety are of sole responsibility of their own. Players discretion is advised.